===== PAGE 1 =====
1
DATASHEET / eyeSight
Forescout eyeSight delivers unparalleled insight into every connected asset through 
deep integration into your network fabric. 
 ▶ Discover your entire asset inventory with over 30 active and passive 
techniques that reveal coverage gaps across your organization, providing a 
real-time view of your attack surface
 ▶ Automate asset classification and build comprehensive profiles that 
include known risks and vulnerabilities with threat intelligence powered by 
Vedere Labs
 ▶ Prepare to face new threats as they emerge by leveraging cloud-based 
machine learning that continuously improves Forescout’s Device Cloud, a 
proprietary source of device intelligence with over 30 billion unique data 
points
 ▶ Continuously assess an asset’s status, risk posture, and policy compliance 
without needing an agent to be installed, which is essential for protecting 
IoT, IoMT, and OT assets
 ▶ Multiply your forces while minimizing human error with automated 
reporting on compliance posture and cyber-risk exposure, letting you focus 
your efforts on what matters most
eyeSight
The Definitive Source of Truth for 
Every Connected Asset
Agentless
Gain a unified, real-time 
inventory of network-
connected assets 
including their security 
and risk posture. 
Accurate
Classify every device to 
gain context for building 
proactive security and 
compliance policies. 
Effective
Automate repetitive 
tasks like measuring and 
reporting compliance 
posture and cyber 
risk exposure while 
minimizing human error. 
Efficient
Gain real-time assurance 
that security tools and 
compliance controls are 
working properly.
Assess
 ▶ Identify security exposures and compliance gaps
 ▶ Assess adherence to internal and external mandates
 ▶ Gain situational awareness of cyber and operational risk
Discover
 ▶ See devices the instant they connect to the network
 ▶ Continuously monitor as transient devices come and go
 ▶ Get a real-time asset inventory that uncovers visibility gaps
Classify
 ▶ Identify diverse types of IT, IoT, IoMT, and OT devices
 ▶ Harness the power of Device Cloud for full device context
 ▶ Improve auto- classification efficacy, coverage, and speed

===== PAGE 2 =====
2
DATASHEET / eyeSight
Discover 
Real-time Deep Discovery
Eliminate blind spots and minimize risk with complete visibility 
across every facet of your organization:
• Physical and SDN infrastructure including switches, rout-
ers, wireless access points, and controllers
• Laptops, tablets, smartphones, BYOD/guest systems, work-
from-home devices
• IoT assets in campus networks, data centers, branches, 
remote sites, and edge networks
• Public and private cloud instances across Amazon Web
• Services, Microsoft Azure, and VMware environments
• Operational technology (OT) and industrial control systems 
including HMIs, SCADA, PLCs, building management sys-
tems (BMS), and building automation systems (BAS)
• IoMT devices in hospitals and healthcare delivery networks 
(HDO) like infusion pumps and diagnostic equipment
ACTIVE TO ASSET
 
Agentless Windows inspection
• WMI
• RPC
• SMB
 
Agentless macOS, Linux inspection
• SSH
 
NMAP
SNMP queries
HTTP queries
Forescout SecureConnector®
PASSIVE TO ASSET
 
SNMP traps 
SPAN traffic Flow analysis
• NetFlow
• Flexible NetFlow
• IPFIX
• sFlow 
DHCP requests
HTTP user-agent
TCP fingerprinting
Protocol parsing
RADIUS requests
ACTIVE TO INFRASTRUCTURE
 
Network infrastructure polling 
SDN integration
• Meraki
• Cisco ACI 
Public/Private cloud integration
• VMware
• AWS
• Azure 
Query directory services (LDAP)
Query web applications (REST)
Query databases (SQL)
eyeExtend orchestrations
eyeSight Solves For:
 ▶ Visibility gaps caused by 
siloed teams and infrastructure 
including switches, 
disparate security tools
 ▶ Operational and business 
risks due to error-prone 
manual processes
 ▶ Incomplete device intelligence 
hindering the execution 
of security policies
 ▶ Security gaps when agent-
based tools are not up to date 
or functioning properly
 ▶ Undetected rogue devices 
or MAC spoofing
 ▶ Noncompliance that can 
quickly emerge between 
point-in-time scans
Customize Discovery and Monitoring 
Techniques for Your Environment
Leverage the flexibility of 30+ active and passive monitoring 
techniques across wired, wireless, VPN, and virtual/software-defined 
networks so you can avoid disrupting assets that are sensitive to 
active scanning techniques, while also ensuring discovery across 
both IPv4 and IPv6 address spaces.

===== PAGE 3 =====
3
DATASHEET / eyeSight
Classify
Intelligent Auto-Classification
Implementing security policies without full asset context can lead to undesirable outcomes that may put 
operations at risk. Unique to Forescout, Device Cloud is the largest repository of device intelligence gathered 
from over 50 million devices and automatically provides comprehensive context for every connected asset. Our 
multidimensional classification taxonomy identifies device function and type, operating system and version, and 
vendor and model. This includes:
• More than 1,900 different operating system versions
• Over 7,700 different device vendors and models
• Healthcare devices from over 400 leading medical technology vendors
• Thousands of industrial control systems and automation devices used across manufacturing, energy, oil 
and gas, utilities, mining, and other critical infrastructure industries 
Automated Classification Powered by Forescout Device Cloud
Device Cloud, the world’s largest repository of asset intelligence, provides the most complete and accurate 
understanding of asset risk within any organization.

===== PAGE 4 =====
Forescout Technologies, Inc. 
Toll-Free (US) 1-866-377-8771
Tel (Intl) +1-408-213-3191
Support +1-708-237-6591
Learn more at Forescout.com
©2025 Forescout Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved. Forescout Technologies, Inc. 
is a Delaware corporation. A list of our trademarks and patents can be found at 
https://www.forescout.com/company/ legal/intellectual-property-patents-trade -
marks. Other brands, products, or service names may be trademarks or service 
marks of their respective owners. 01_01
4
DATASHEET / eyeSight
Assess
Agentless Posture Assessment
eyeSight continuously discovers assets and immediately assesses the configuration, posture, and risk indicators of 
the asset to understand whether they adhere to compliance mandates and security policies. Policies can help better 
quantify risk by assessing compliance conditions such as:
• Is security software installed, operational and up-to-date with the latest patches?
• Is the asset critical to business operations?
• Are any assets running unauthorized applications or violating configuration standards?
• Are assets - especially IoT, IoMT, and OT systems - using default or weak passwords?
• Have rogue assets been detected, including those spoofing legitimate assets?
• Are assets communicating over IPv6 being properly discovered, classified, and assessed for risk?
• Which of your connected assets are most vulnerable to the latest threats? 
Monitor
View Compliance Insights
Gain actionable insights from out-of-the-box dashboards that quickly pinpoint, prioritize, and proactively mitigate 
risks across your organization. Customizable dashboard views help security analysts and SOC teams:
• Assess risk and compliance progress across all or any subset of policies
• Identify vulnerable and compromised devices to accelerate and focus incident response
• Track compliance trends over time
• Personalize and share executive and auditor ready views of risk and compliance data
• Quickly search and filter assets by policy or device attributes
Segment, Orchestrate and Enforce
The Forescout 4D Platform™  extends the value of eyeSight with a suite of automated cybersecurity capabilities to 
design and implement unified security policies for network access control, dynamic network segmentation, and 
provides the foundation for Zero Trust security. 
Visit www.forescout.com/platform/ to learn about the Forescout 4D Platform™ .

